Default resampling settings (#4720)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/introduction/qgis_configuration.rst

* With :guilabel:`RGB band selection`, you can define the number for the Red,
  Green and Blue band.

> * For newly added rasters you can define the :guilabel:`Zoomed in resampling`

Reviewer: I don't think this has anything to do with the raster being newly added.

```suggestion
* For raster layers you can define the :guilabel:`Zoomed in resampling`
```

>   and the :guilabel:`Zoomed out resampling`. You can choose between three default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and the :guilabel:`Zoomed out resampling` methods.
  For :guilabel:`Zoomed in resampling` you can choose between three
```

>   resampling methods: 'Nearest Neighbour', 'Bilinear' and 'Cubic'.

Reviewer 2: Thanks @lajunek can you go one step more and mention the oversampling option just after?

>   resampling methods: 'Nearest Neighbour', 'Bilinear' and 'Cubic'.

Reviewer: The options are not the same for zoom in and zoom out.

```suggestion
  resampling methods: 'Nearest Neighbour', 'Bilinear' and 'Cubic'.
  For :guilabel:`Zoomed out resampling` you can choose between 'Nearest Neighbour'
  and 'Average'.
  You can also set the :guilabel:`Oversampling` value (between 0.0 and 99.99 - a large
  value means more work for QGIS - the default value is 2.0).
```
